added task (#1)
mate-academy/js_sort-table-DOM: README.md

# Sort table

## Task

Sort the table by clicking on the header.

Requirements:

- Use delegation.
- The code should not change as the number of columns or rows increases.

> It's may be helpful - [navigation](https://learn.javascript.ru/traversing-dom#dom-navigation-tables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article may be helpful - [navigation](https://learn.javascript.ru/traversing-dom#dom-navigation-tables)
```
